[Docs] Small cleanup and improvements (#1782)
App-vNext/Polly: docs/advanced/dependency-injection.md

```
<!-- endSnippet -->

## Anti-patterns

Over the years, many developers have used Polly in various ways. Some of these

> recurring patterns may not be ideal. The sections bellow highlights anti-patterns to avoid.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
recurring patterns may not be ideal. The sections below highlight anti-patterns to avoid.
```
